# DataVisualization_Airbnb_NewYork
1. Abstract:
Tourism has an important role in the economy. Many people travel from one place to another for work purposes or vacation. This might cost them a lot of time and money to find a good home. Airbnb provides a great website, which can help people easily find places for cheap prices. This project provides the visualization of the trends concerning the hosts. It provides how to make more profit, and what kind of rooms are most profitable. Further, what areas in New York prove more profit compared to other areas. The analysis also provides all the Airbnb data across the world during the pandemic period, and how the trend fluctuated in this period.
2. Introduction
Humans are communal creatures, and tourism plays an essential role in their lives. On average 4.4% of GDP and 6.9% of employment directly come from the tourism and travel industry. Traveling from one place to another might be for business work or a vacation the foremost thing after your travel is to check in to a hotel. For this people have to find a good neighborhood, where they can stay. They need to find a room/ Hotel which needs to be neat, clean, and has a reasonable price for the stay. This is a challenging part because finding a good hotel is challenging, and even if there is one it is difficult to have rooms available. To resolve this issue, two people named Brain Chesky, and Nathan Blecharczyk had created a website where people can find a home online at reasonable prices.
This idea had grown into a simple business model and now had more than 12.1 million listings all over the world. There are many offices present across the United States, and Europe. The country with the most Airbnb listings in the United States of America had an average of 2,249,434 listings in 2021. The country with the second-highest number of average Airbnb listings in France, with 1,209,036 in 2021. These results are provided using visualization. In this project, the prime focus is on the New York Airbnb analysis, where the report represents all the different visualizations to understand the trend of the market in New York from the host’s perspective.
2.1 Purpose of this document
The project goal is to analyze the market trend of Airbnb in New York using different datasets collected from two sources, which are Kaggle, and Inside Airbnb. The objective of the data is to understand the patterns of the number of hosts, listings, prices, which areas have more demand, and various other things. This analysis is done using a visualization tool named Tableau.
2.2 Intended Audience
NA
2.3 Scope
The scope of the project is to understand the market analysis trends in New York’s Airbnb. The objectives are to visualize the overview of the company, the products offered such as private rooms, shared rooms, and the entire hotel. In addition, the prices in each area in New York are analyzed. The data is analyzed from 2008 (when the company started) to 2021. The analysis also provides trends of the hosts, their average earnings, and others. Further, the trend analysis on Airbnb across the globe is compared to the pandemic. This analysis provides the how much the covid-19 pandemic had affected the Airbnb industry. These visualizations are done using Tableau.
